Serenna Beers: Hi there.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me.
Annie McNulty: OK, I think I can hear you now.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Great. Hi there. How are ya.
Serenna Beers: Good. I appreciate you coming to meet me. I'm glad I was able to stay open for you to be able to come
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Have you ever done a bio psychosocial assessment.
Annie McNulty: Um, no. Well, maybe I'm not sure I've had Suboxone but through other doctors before, Matt, I don't know, I've never done this.
Serenna Beers: Okay, it's just, I'm going to ask you some questions. It takes about 20 minutes depending on you, depending on how much you share with with me.
Serenna Beers: But it's just a series of questions. So I'll try to make it as painless as as I can.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Annie McNulty: So,
Serenna Beers: The first question that I want to do is, well, I mean, it's like nothing's are full of pain in this world, right, and you tell me, tell me what brings you to bright heart health, and why now.
Annie McNulty: Um, so I was on Suboxone or through buddy be how's that, and in my day.
Annie McNulty: And assembly in a pending part that it up closing for jail time. So I went from forward to
Annie McNulty: Oh, and then when I was, I had set up like boxing thinking
Annie McNulty: I'm
Annie McNulty: Sick accident at her like your arms. So I went straight to the hospital. She was that and have been had been staying there with her, but in doing so, I missed the clinic appointment. And then I had to scramble to find someone who could continue my my Suboxone
Serenna Beers: Sure. I'm really quick. Take a look at your, are you on your phone.
Annie McNulty: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Just make sure that you have enough bars because you're kind of going in and out. So I don't know if there's a better place in
Serenna Beers: In your house where you know you get better.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, I'll go down service. Okay, cool. Thank you very much. I just don't want to have to call you back and and have you go through this again.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, sure. Okay, so just as you're walking to go downstairs. I just want to recap, just so that our transcribers have all of this, so you
Serenna Beers: Stated that you were a Help, help, helping care for fam family member and and doing doing so you missed your other appointment appointment so you called us with hopes of getting help so that you were able to get in.
Serenna Beers: And get your medication on on time. Right.
Serenna Beers: That's okay.
Perfect.
Serenna Beers: And what about tell me your history, tell me your story with substances like when you were first exposed. How did it progress when was it worse for you what brought you to this.
Point.
Annie McNulty: Um, I started doing opiates in high school. I'm not heavily though and yeah anyways years went on.
Annie McNulty: Travel that's their high school for a while and I was living in Colombia and Amazon and I decided I wanted to go home and get a formal
Annie McNulty: Education in as know botany, so I moved back to the US. And just to go to school. I don't like living in the US.
Annie McNulty: It doesn't for mental health, it's not the best for me, but I just wanted to get my education and come back but right when I got back to the States.
Annie McNulty: I had a really close friend I in a really traumatic way and it sent me into just a really bad place because also like coming back to the US, you know, can be really
Annie McNulty: Kind of isolating said he hears different
Annie McNulty: Mental health wise, so it was hard already and then methodical really hard and I can remember that feeling that they've given me when I use them when I did in high school. And then I went and sought out heroin.
Annie McNulty: Okay, yeah.
Serenna Beers: At what point was it the worst for your like a brown a time frame. It doesn't have to be exact, but to the best of your ability to be able to
Annie McNulty: Remember, like
Annie McNulty: Like last year and a half or two years to where the worst. I was homeless for most of it as try newly relentlessly to get sober like
Annie McNulty: I would get clean relapse get clean relapse, like it was horrible. And I was homeless. Most of the time when I wasn't in treatment and I overdose like eight times. It's just been really intense.
Annie McNulty: Oh my goodness. Mm hmm.
Serenna Beers: What about tell me any issues do you deal with chronic pain, and if so, what, what was the event that led to your ongoing chronic pain.
Annie McNulty: No I don't deal with pain. I'm just saying I have a lot of like social anxiety and mood swings, but I don't really deal with any physical thing.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Which brings me to the the psych history part. Do you have any have you do have any history of treatment as far as like
Serenna Beers: Mental health and or substance abuse, meaning to have you ever been into tree besides with bright heart.
Annie McNulty: Health. Okay.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, so I've been to five or six rehabs and like four different IPS
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Annie McNulty: So I've done a lot of that. And usually I could maintain like a month to two months of spreading and then I would relapse out
Serenna Beers: Okay, and he had you completed any of those or left against medical advice or
Annie McNulty: There was one that I completed.
Annie McNulty: That I had been on create a magician know that it's like a plant that makes you feel like you're on opiates, but they can't test for it. So I don't really count that as completing but I technically graduated
Annie McNulty: But the rest. Yeah, I left against medical advice or I relapsed and was kicked out.
Sure.
Serenna Beers: What about, do you have any history of suicidal ideation or do you have any history of homicidal ideation where you want it to harm another person.
Serenna Beers: Know any type of self harm at all. Cutting even cutting. Okay.
No.
Serenna Beers: Okay, well, tell me about growing up. What was family life like for you.
Annie McNulty: Um, it was really good. My parents are both lawyers, they really loving super supportive. I had a I have a brother older brother and older sister. I just had a really amazing upbringing, like everything was was great.
Annie McNulty: Until I hit like 22 hit
Serenna Beers: Like 20 okay so you said you have an older brother and an older sister.
Annie McNulty: Uh huh.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And are your parents still to gather now.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: What about how does anybody mom, dad, brother, sister. Does anybody else struggle struggle with mental health and or substance abuse at all.
Annie McNulty: No mom struggles two things it but other than that. No, they're all pretty stable maybe everyone struggles with things it a little bit, but that's about it.
Serenna Beers: I think every walk of life. We all have our things
Annie McNulty: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: You know, and to put a label on it and and i just i mean
Serenna Beers: Yeah, really. This is
Serenna Beers: Yeah, I can. I don't know anybody who doesn't. But it's to the extent of where it starts to interfere with your day.
Serenna Beers: Right daily life.
Serenna Beers: What about any other type of a addictive things such as, like, did anybody struggle with shopping with food with gambling with sex.
Annie McNulty: Um, you know, my dad told me that basically like my grandparents on both sides were alcoholics.
Annie McNulty: And they great grandparents. He said, like we have a long lineage of alcoholics. My parents themselves and but other things I would say. I don't think so. I had some trouble with shoplifting for a while, but it was more out of need, like I needed to and stuff. When I was on street.
Serenna Beers: Okay, kind of like just goes hand in hand. When you're out in that kind of world.
Annie McNulty: Yeah yeah
Serenna Beers: Okay, and tell me about what what what was school like for you, like, How far did you go. Where did you ever struggle with any learning disabilities.
Annie McNulty: I did the AP check in high school, so I did all the AP courses.
Annie McNulty: And do really well. Currently, good colleges and scholarships out of high school graduated high school
Annie McNulty: Okay, and
Serenna Beers: What about. Were there any events that stood out to you. Growing up, positive, negative, just anything like either in your neighborhood with family or friends just any significant events that kind of come
Serenna Beers: That come into
Annie McNulty: Your mind what I really had a really like idyllic upbringing. Um, yeah, there's nothing like negative that really sticks out to me.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about did you ever serve in the military. It's a question I need to ask
Annie McNulty: Hmm, okay.
Serenna Beers: Do you have any financial or legal issues at all.
Annie McNulty: I'm on probation.
Serenna Beers: Okay, legal, and can you share with me a little bit about that. Like, what
Serenna Beers: What happened and how
Annie McNulty: Yeah, it's a
Annie McNulty: Felony burglary. So I NEEDED MONEY FOR MORE DRUGS trying to steal bunch stuff from the Cosco got caught.
Serenna Beers: Okay, is that the the first first time only time. Are there any other events.
Annie McNulty: Um, I had another possession charge. And then I had a wet and reckless school
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Let's see. Are you in a relationship at this time.
Annie McNulty: No, no.
Serenna Beers: Okay, do you have any kids.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay. And who do you live with at this time.
Annie McNulty: Um, I am when covert 19 passes, I'll be living in a sober living but I was about to go and then they're not taking it on since the virus.
Serenna Beers: How are you dealing with that because you mentioned you have some anxiety issues.
Annie McNulty: We, it's okay. I'd like to be in there, but because of all is having happened with my sister. It's kind of nice to be able to be with my family like she's transferring to my parents house today. She can't go back to her own issues and mobile. So
Annie McNulty: I get to be here and help out and makes me feel good.
Serenna Beers: Oh, nice.
Serenna Beers: Let me see if I missed anything, um,
Serenna Beers: What are your hopes to get out of your time here with with us. Are there any like certain things. Can you name mate, maybe three things that you really want to hone in on and work on
Annie McNulty: Yeah, well, I'd like to slowly trade offs, Watson, so I can get on this a little shot.
Annie McNulty: Okay, um, I'd like to thank my coping mechanisms for like anxiety and just work towards a longer term sobriety.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Um, let's see. Are you attending meetings that at all at this time.
Serenna Beers: Even if they're online.
Annie McNulty: I was and but I haven't really pursued them online. So I need to hear that.
Serenna Beers: Okay, maybe that could be one of your one of your
Serenna Beers: goals as well.
Serenna Beers: Because you know in this disease connection is everything. And even if you can't go out and about, because of the whole social
Serenna Beers: social distancing and the fact that we're supposed to stay in our homes.
Serenna Beers: There. Yeah, way to connect. And it's through virtual such as this, you know, it's just, it's really important for your mental health to
Annie McNulty: Right.
Annie McNulty: So good on that.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Um, are. Do you have any cravings that at all.
Annie McNulty: Um, yeah, I get them sometimes like I had to get my blood john for you guys.
Annie McNulty: To do all these tests and as can't triggering
Annie McNulty: Maybe have cravings, a little bit today. I had my my dose my Suboxone dose in my pocket and I can't find it. So,
Annie McNulty: I only took I took half of tomorrow's I figured, I'll split it up. But so I'm having a little story.
Serenna Beers: Oh yeah, I'll bet.
Serenna Beers: Have you, have you trace back your steps and
Annie McNulty: Yeah, I do like everywhere really
Annie McNulty: Everywhere I cannot figure out what happened. We went to Costco. So I'm wondering maybe that
Annie McNulty: I'm not sure. Yeah it sucks. I'm like,
Annie McNulty: It helps me so much.
Serenna Beers: Well, I would imagine.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, um,
Serenna Beers: Did you well they they will see this video. So, this the fact that you lost it will get put into the transcription and so
Serenna Beers: Okay, when do you meet with your doctor who's
Serenna Beers: Tomorrow, or to that. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Good. So yeah, you can let him or her now.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
Annie McNulty: President
Annie McNulty: Yeah, I think tomorrow. Tomorrow would be when I would get everything else. So tomorrow.
Serenna Beers: Okay, good. And what what do you do for self care.
Annie McNulty: And I learned stuff. I like to run a lot like to go on runs. I like to journal that I haven't been doing that much lately.
Annie McNulty: I
Annie McNulty: basements and I try to meditate, but I'm not that good about it.
Annie McNulty: I read a lot
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm. Well readings. Good. As long as you know you don't get
Serenna Beers: Caught up. I mean, it's really important, especially in early recovery that you don't get yourself over overwhelmed, like I get. There's a lot of anxiety around the code. Code 19 but you mean, just do your best to protect yourself because we can't fix things. We cannot control right we
Serenna Beers: Really can troll ourselves so
Annie McNulty: Totally. I was watching the news like four hours a day at the beginning and a cool name. My that
Serenna Beers: I can relate to that, you know, yeah, from an
Serenna Beers: Addictive standpoint.
Annie McNulty: I want to know. I want to see the whole thing. I'm like, I want
Annie McNulty: To know what's going on.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
But
Serenna Beers: Something. This is just a suggestion, but I i was doing that too. And then I just went to listening to the daily press conference from the President.
Serenna Beers: Yeah I busted I
Annie McNulty: Quit, but then I would watch every like
Annie McNulty: News thing on the press conference that came after four hours. I'm like, Oh my gosh, any stop.
Annie McNulty: And I tell us the press conference calms me down. I really like
Annie McNulty: The doctor he
Serenna Beers: Yeah. He's awesome. He's amazing. I like Wikipedia.
Annie McNulty: And he was like, the coolest person ever. He's like, Dad. Like, oh no pharmacy and Brooklyn that his whole family worked at growing up and anyways. He got, you know, he got all these degrees. His 30 honorary
Annie McNulty: Like honorary doctorates or something like that. He's written like in he, I don't know. He's just amazing.
Serenna Beers: It's fascinating.
Annie McNulty: I recommend reading his Wikipedia. It's really inspiring.
Serenna Beers: I will. Well, thank you.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: I learned something new every day, you know,
Serenna Beers: Okay, I don't think I missed anything, do you have any questions for me at all.
Annie McNulty: I don't think so.
Serenna Beers: All right, listen, stay safe stay healthy and just make sure you continue to do your appointments and I'll say what you've probably heard 1000 times just take it one day at a time because that's really that that that we can do right
Annie McNulty: Yeah, that's the way for sure.
Serenna Beers: All right. You take care of yourself, Anna.
Annie McNulty: Yeah, you see.
Serenna Beers: Okay, bye.